Hello and welcome to one
Show brand new muscles Wednesday today
I like you with the help of a towel
improve your biceps training
and in the concentration cologne as well
this trick is really easy
usually I have mine here now
Dumbbells and makes the concentration
Cologne
so the patient lay on and the post
they have extra weight a lot
So I better that
It can be 21 kilos now
and now I take the towel
if it is so in the middle of it
is suitable when it comes to normal
Training towel is not too big
and even here is the hand I take
now under the dumbbells by otherwise on
the other side comes up again and
Then I grab the towel to the
hand I have also better
grip right so and now I have
here the help and came nicely negative
training means I go up
said slowly, and with the other
side ever so slightly back with high
but not much but just a little
then I can this mood
but if I do not leave anymore
create the weight concentrically
I just always help to raise one
a bit with the towel after I find
it is very comfortable with it
the action as always
in the other hand, attacks and
somehow tries him too
support yes ok try on everyone
fall this trick with the towel
Concentrating on Cologne and
Write me what your feedback is about it
So what you think about it and learn again
had to feel it at this demo
and if you have other exercises you
also introduce sunday to one in
Wednesday is exactly the day for it
well here exercises and complete workouts
on the muscle Wednesday for you to imagine
as subscribe to channel if you have more of
want to have these videos and we see
We are looking forward to a choral on the beach